Additional argument for servicenow-generic-api-call command (#30016)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_5_43.md

#### Integrations

##### ServiceNow v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.75921*.

> - Added the ability to pass a custom API root to the ***servicenow-generic-api-call*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the argument *custom_api* to the ***servicenow-generic-api-call*** command. (please add the explanation of functionality here)
```
please refer to https://xsoar.pan.dev/docs/documentation/release-notes#examples-and-best-practices for xsoar release notes best practices.
